

= American Pageant - 009 (1789-1800)
:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:sectnums:
:stylesheet: ../../../myAdocCss.css

'''

== 释义


welcome to another Joe’s Productions video. + 
 in this video, we’re taking a look at the administrations of George Washington and John Adams: the new Republic 共和国 from 1789 to 1800. + 


so we all know Washington is the first president. + 
 he becomes the first president of the US in 1789 when he takes the oath of office 就职宣誓. + 
 he’s unanimously elected 一致当选 and he sets many precedents 先例 that put the principles of the constitution in practice. + 
 he’s doing things for the first time and he’s establishing things that Future Leaders will also do. + 
 he does only serve a two-term presidency 两届任期 which everyone up until Franklin Roosevelt will follow, and then they’ll change the Constitution. + 


he established the cabinet 内阁 which is his group of advisors who would serve as the heads of different departments. + 
 and Washington’s cabinet is filled with some Allstars and you should know them: Secretary of State 国务卿 Thomas Jefferson (he eventually will become the political opposition and become the head of the Rival political party to the Federalist), Secretary of the Treasury 财政部长 who’s going to play a huge role in the new nation: Alexander Hamilton, and you got some others in there such as Secretary of War 战争部长 Henry Knox. + 


key idea extremely important: conflict will develop as Federalist ideas are implemented by Alexander Hamilton. + 
 you’re going to get the creation of political parties. + 
 and in this early period, you also get the Judiciary Act of 1789 司法法案. + 
 it organized the Supreme Court with one chief justice 首席大法官 there is John Jay (he will be our first) and also five associate justices 助理法官 will also be named. + 
 this Judiciary Act also sets up the lower court system 下级法院系统. + 
 so you could see the government is being established. + 


now remember one of the things that needed to be done is the Bill of Rights needed to be added to the Constitution. + 
 the Bill of Rights was added in order to alleviate 缓解 concerns of the Anti-Federalist. + 
 remember a lot of people didn’t want to ratify because they were worried about too powerful of a government. + 
 these Bill of Rights are largely written by James Madison, and these include the first 10 amendments 修正案 to the Constitution. + 
 they’re intended to provide protections against government power. + 
 they enumerated 列举 individual rights and they also restricted the power of the government. + 


some examples of this: the first amendment providing for protection of speech, religion, press and assembly; the Fourth Amendment preventing unreasonable searches and seizures 搜查与扣押 without probable cause 合理依据; and others which guarantee rights to the states and so on. + 


now one of the most important ideas to understand for this period is Hamilton’s financial plan. + 
 this guy is a big deal that’s why he was on (or is on) the $10 bill (they’re talking about changing this). + 
 and Secretary of Treasury Alexander Hamilton developed a financial program to pay off the debt and to develop American manufacturing. + 
 remember the nation under the Articles of Confederation faced numerous difficulties. + 
 Hamilton wants to stabilize 稳定 the economy and he’s going to attempt to do so through a variety of methods. + 


part one of his plan was outlined in the Report on Public Credit 公共信用报告. + 
 this called for the federal government to pay off the national debt at face value 面值, and for the federal government to assume 承担 the war debts of the individual States. + 
 and you could see that on that cartoon: the national government is taking those debts from different states. + 
 this proposal is known as the Assumption plan, and it is going to be controversial. + 
 there was a concern that speculators 投机者 would make money off of this plan, and this also was increasing the power and the role of the Federal Government. + 
 a lot of people who were aligned with Thomas Jefferson initially rejected the plan, but a compromise was reached with Thomas Jefferson where the plan would be accepted, and in exchange the capital of the United States would be moved closer to the south in Washington DC. + 


the second part of Hamilton’s plan could be seen in the report on the manufacturers, and in it he Hamilton supported: one, higher tariffs 关税 (a tariff is a tax on Imports); and two, excise taxes 消费税 (a tax on a specific good such as whiskey). + 
 there’s a couple of reasons for this: the Tariff in particular would protect American infant industry 新兴产业 from foreign competition. + 
 Hamilton wanted to see a nation of Manufacturers. + 
 he wanted the United States economy to industrialized. + 
 the Tariff would protect against British competition. + 
 also, Hamilton wants to raise revenue 税收 to pay off the debt which the excise taxes would hopefully accomplish. + 


once again this part of his plan was controversial, especially amongst non-manufacturers. + 
 the Tariff would actually make Goods more expensive, so there was opposition largely in the South but also in the West in the agricultural areas. + 


the most important part of Hamilton’s plan that you should know about is part three: he created a National Bank 国家银行 Run by the US government that would help create a stable healthy economy and currency. + 
 this was a key part of his plan. + 
 this bank would deposit government funds, it would print money, and this was really key to Hamilton’s Vision. + 


there is a huge debate over the bank of the United States, and it’s not just about the bank: it’s also about the power of the federal government under the new Constitution. + 
 and here’s the key part you should know: Jefferson (who was eventually going to be the head of the party the Jeffersonian Republicans) said this: the Constitution did not give Congress the authority to create a bank, and they believe in what is known as a strict interpretation 严格解释 of the constitution. + 
 in other words, the government could only do what the Constitution says the government could do. + 
 they extremely worried about the Growing Power of the federal government, and they also feel like the bank would benefit the wealthy, the merchant class, and they reject this plan. + 


on the other end, Hamilton and the Federalist Party they argue the necessary and proper clause 必要和适当条款 in the Constitution allowed Congress to create the bank of the us since it was necessary to carry out its enumerated powers. + 
 they are using something called the elastic clause 弹性条款, and they said they were Advocates of a loose or broad interpretation 宽泛解释 of the Constitution: what the Constitution did not forbid it allowed. + 
 and since this was part of congress’s ability to tax and regulate the economy, the bank could be created, and it was. + 


now key to all of this is that you understand that during this period you have the rise of the first party system 政党体系. + 
 when you see that term, know it is developing in the 1790s. + 
 and there are no political parties mentioned in the Constitution. + 
 many people thought they were bad, that they would not happen in this new nation, but they quickly do, and they’re going to be known as the Federalist versus the Jeffersonian Republicans. + 


some key things you should know about them: the Federalists are Advocates (they’re supporters) of Hamilton’s economic Vision which is largely manufacturing industrialization. + 
 they are Advocates of a loose interpretation of the Constitution or a broad interpretation of the Constitution. + 
 and because of these two things, they tended to have the support of the wealthy, the merchant class, and their strength is in the Northeast and in cities and urban areas. + 
 keep in mind they are Advocates of a strong central government and they are pro England (that’ll make more sense in just a few slides). + 


the Jeffersonian Republicans, on the other hand, supported Jefferson’s economic Vision. + 
 they wanted an agrarian society 农业社会. + 
 they favored Farmers. + 
 they believed farmers were the backbone 支柱 of the nation and the economy, and they tended to have a lot of support in the south and the West. + 
 they are Advocates of a strict interpretation of the Constitution: if it’s not in the Constitution (unless the Constitution specifically State something) the federal government can’t do it. + 
 they favored state rights, and they’re going to be Pro French (this will make more sense in just a moment). + 


it’s important you know about the Whiskey Rebellion 威士忌叛乱, which was a big test for the new national government. + 
 remember part of Hamilton’s financial plan including an excise tax on Whiskey. + 
 this was intended to generate revenue for the federal government, and it hurt a lot of farmers because they distilled 蒸馏 whiskey from their excess corn. + 
 and as a result, farmers in Western Pennsylvania refuse to pay the tax. + 
 you could see in the image them tarring and Feathering 涂柏油和粘羽毛 a tax collector. + 
 Tax Collectors were often times attacked, and they felt (the farmers felt) this was a violation of their Liberties. + 


this is seen as a challenge to the authority of the new federal government, and recall the failure of the first national government (the articles of confederation) in dealing with a similar Rebellion known as Shay’s Rebellion. + 
 so George Washington decides to take steps: he takes over the state militia 民兵 (something like 15,000 troops) and he stops the Rebellion by a show of force. + 
 there’s no Bloodshed at all, but he takes command. + 


and really important: it demonstrated to many the power and effectiveness of the federal government. + 
 the national government proved that its Authority was going to be respected and followed. + 
 however, not everyone liked this. + 
 critics such as Jefferson were disturbed by the use of force. + 
 they saw this as a far away strong national government crushing the liberty of the people, and they criticize the government’s actions. + 


another challenge you should know about is the foreign policy challenges the Young Nation faced, and really the biggest one is going to come from the French Revolution. + 
 it deeply divided America. + 
 you know the French Revolution starts off with the storming of the bastille 攻占巴士底狱, but pretty soon the new French Republic would be fighting the different monarchies 君主制国家 of Europe. + 
 and there was a question in the Young Nation: should the US help France? France actually asked the United States to help defend its territory in the French West Indies against its European enemies. + 


and there was division between the Federalists (and they were really concerned about the violence of the French Revolution - remember heads are getting chopped off), and they also wanted to avoid a war with England. + 
 so Washington felt the nation was too weak: it was too young, and he in his mind felt the franco-american alliance that was signed following the Battle of Saratoga was no longer in force now that the monarchy was gone. + 


on the other hand, the Democratic Republicans led by Jefferson felt the French Revolution was an extension of our own fight for liberty, and we should join the French people in this fight. + 
 and England was seizing American ships with something called impressment 强征海员, so they actually wanted to help out France in their war against Europe. + 
 and Jefferson actually resigns as Secretary of State over his disagreements with us policy. + 


now George Washington issued the proclamation of neutrality 中立宣言 in 1793. + 
 this declares the United States neutral. + 
 once again, he wants to stay out of this European War. + 
 this neutrality is tested when a French minister to the United States (citizen Edmund Genet) traveled in the US trying to convince people in the US to support France. + 
 he is violating the rules of diplomacy 外交, and eventually he is condemned and recalled by France. + 
 he ends up staying in the United States, but once again American neutrality is being challenged. + 


it wasn’t just France: we also had issues with our old mother England and also Spain. + 
 remember England continued to cause the US problems: there was that issue of impressment where they’re taking American Sailors and forcing them into the British Navy, and they occupy forts in this Northwestern territory (you could see on the map right here). + 
 they were supposed to leave those forts under the Treaty of Paris in 1783. + 
 so you got a lot of problems. + 


and Washington wants to avoid war, so he sends the Chief Justice John Jay to try to negotiate with England to try to avoid this war, and this ends up becoming Jay’s Treaty of 1794. + 
 the treaty does the following: British agreed to leave the forts on the frontier (they would evacuate 撤离 those forts), but it said nothing about stopping Britain’s harassment of American ships or the fact of the Native issue (and what this meant was England was actually giving weapons to Native Americans, selling them weapons, and these weapons were being used on Americans on the frontier). + 


Republicans hated this treaty. + 
 they felt it was bowing to England, but it does manage to keep the US neutral. + 
 it keeps us out of the war, but it’s important to note Jay’s Treaty was unpopular amongst Jeffersonian Republicans, but it kept us out of a war. + 


another issue was Spain. + 
 recall Spain had previously blocked American access to the Mississippi River, and under the Articles we were powerless to deal with this issue. + 
 and George Washington wants to deal with Spain as well. + 
 Spain gets a little nervous once the US is talking to England, so they’re willing to negotiate, and that leads us to Pinckney’s Treaty of 1795. + 
 Spain agrees to allow the US usage of the Mississippi River, and very important: the right of deposit 存栈权 at the port of New Orleans (which is hugely important to people on the frontier, Farmers because that is their trade). + 


Pinckney’s treaty also made the northern boundary of Florida the 31st parallel (you could see right there on the map). + 
 there was some dispute between the United States and Spain. + 
 so Pinckney’s treaty, Jay’s Treaty: two important treaties you should know about. + 


Native Americans also continued to cause the US issues (justifiably so). + 
 recall Native American land continued to be encroached upon 侵占 by settlers moving West (you could see that in the yellow: the US is moving Westward), and Native Americans are really really concerned. + 
 recall after the American Revolution there’s no Proclamation of 1763 line keeping Americans out of this region. + 


as a result of this expansion by white settlers, native tribes formed the Northwest Confederacy 西北联盟 under the Miami Chief little turtle. + 
 he is going to begin to organize Native American resistance in this region. + 
 he’s getting some weapons from England, but at the Battle of Fallen Timbers, natives were defeated by US Army led by General Anthony Wayne. + 
 so the United States crushes this resistance, and eventually you’re going to get the Treaty of Greenville in 1795 signed, which the defeated tribes gave up claims to the Ohio territory. + 
 you can see the treaty being negotiated there, and there is the line at the Treaty of Greenville. + 


although there were various issues and challenges facing George Washington’s Administration, it was relatively successful at keeping the nation stable, out of a war, and eventually you’re going to get John Adams becoming President. + 
 Washington decided to leave office after two terms. + 
 he sets a precedent, and he gives his farewell address 告别演说 in 1796. + 


now this Farewell Address is not actually delivered: it’s published in newspapers, and he warns the nation of a couple of things: one, stay clear of permanent alliances 永久联盟 (he really is concerned about foreign alliances entangling 卷入 the United States into European Affairs); he also talks about the danger of political parties (against political factions). + 
 he’s trying to encourage National Unity. + 
 by this point they’re already on their way to being formed, well George Washington gives a little warning about them nonetheless. + 


in the election of 1796, you got two guys running: John Adams (the former VP) and he is running against the Democratic Republican candidate Thomas Jefferson (remember former member of Washington’s cabinet). + 
 the election takes place, and John Adams narrowly defeats Thomas Jefferson and becomes the president of the United States. + 
 you can see on that map where the Federalist support was and where the Jeffersonian Republican support largely was as well. + 


even though by this point they have very different political ideas, because no one anticipated political parties, Thomas Jefferson (since he finishes second) becomes the vice president. + 
 this issue will be fixed later on by the 12th Amendment in 1804. + 


just as George Washington had to deal with problems of trying to keep the US neutral, so does John Adams. + 
 in fact, France’s war against European nations was a major problems for John Adams. + 
 recall France felt America violated the franco-american Treaty of 1778, and they wanted America’s help. + 
 you have seizing of American ships (mainly by England but also France), and so Adams wants to avoid he wanted to avoid a war with France, and he sent us diplomats to Paris to try to negotiate. + 


this event is known as the XYZ affair XYZ事件 because French officials (known only as X, Y and Z) attempted to get the Americans to bribe 贿赂 them in order to even start negotiations with the French foreign minister. + 
 they wanted $250,000 just for the right to sit down and talk to the French Minister. + 
 needless to say, many Americans were angry over this attempt at a bribe, and you could see the reaction in America in that image right there. + 


this XYZ Affair outraged many Americans, and the popular slogan was: "Millions for defense but not one cent for tribute 贡金. + 
" we would not pay to be left alone and to be allowed to be neutral. + 
 there was a strong demand for war amongst many Americans, and John Adams wants to avoid this popular call for war because (as Washington recognized) our military was too weak: our nation was young. + 


a Quasi War 准战争 does break out between the US and France, and this is an undeclared naval war between France and the US mainly in the West Indies at Sea, and luckily it doesn’t get any bigger because in 1800 you have the convention of 1800 which dissolves the alliance between the US and France. + 
 Napoleon and the US were able to negotiate, and this keeps us out of a war with France. + 


and lastly, a really important thing you should understand that happens during the Adams Administration is a major showdown between the state governments and the federal government. + 
 under the John Adam Administration, Congress passed a series of laws known as the Alien and Sedition Acts 外侨和煽动法案 of 1798, and the reason they’re passed is really political: they’re passed by Federalist controlled Congress to limit the political opposition of the democratic Republican party. + 


so what did they do? there was the Naturalization Act 归化法案 which increased the time from 5 to 14 years for immigrants to become American citizens (and this really was intended because most immigrants voted for the Democrat Republican party). + 
 the alien act gave the president the power: he could Deport 驱逐 or arrest immigrants considered dangerous. + 
 and finally the big one: the Sedition Act 煽动叛乱法案 made it illegal to criticize the government. + 
 so newspapers or political opponents if they criticize the government or congress they could be thrown in jail. + 


all of these acts were justified in the name of security (this idea we need to keep the nation safe and therefore Liberty needed to be reduced), but it was very clear that these acts were political and they violated such rights such as those found in the First Amendment. + 


and these Federal Acts were resisted by something called the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions 肯塔基和弗吉尼亚决议. + 
 the reason this is passed is to oppose federal laws that the Democratic Republican party felt were unconstitutional. + 
 so they say these laws passed by Federalists in Congress endorsed by Adams were against the Constitution. + 


The Kentucky Resolution was written secretly by Thomas Jefferson. + 
 the Virginia resolution was written by James Madison, and they said a state could nullify 废止 federal laws passed by Congress they felt were unconstitutional, and the Alien and Sedition Acts in their mind were unconstitutional and therefore states can nullify it: they can cancel, they can ignore, they cannot obey these federal laws because the government is exceeding its delegated powers. + 


they believed in something called the compact Theory 契约理论 in which states had made a compact with the national government, and if that compact was violated by that national government, they argued they did not have to obey those laws. + 
 this is extremely important because the argument of nullification will be used later on by states such as South Carolina in the 1830s with regard to a tariff controversy, and it will be used by Southerners when they secede 脱离 from the union. + 
 so make sure you know about the idea of nullification and how that plays out this battle between federal and state governments. + 


that’s going to do it for today. + 
 hopefully you learned a lot, and if you did click like on the video. + 
 if you have any questions, post them in the comment section. + 
 check out APUSH explain. + 
 for all sorts of resources, and have a beautiful day. + 
 peace

'''


== 中文翻译

欢迎收看另一期乔氏出品的视频。在本视频中，我们将探讨乔治·华盛顿和约翰·亚当斯两位总统的执政时期：1789年至1800年的新共和国。

众所周知，**华盛顿是第一任总统。**他于1789年宣誓就职，成为美国第一任总统。他以全票当选，并开创了许多先例，将宪法的原则付诸实践。*他所做的一切都是开创性的，他所确立的制度, 也将被后来的领导人效仿。他只担任了两届总统，这一惯例一直被后来的所有总统（直到富兰克林·罗斯福）所遵循，之后他们修改了宪法。*

**他建立了内阁，这是一个由他的顾问组成的团体，他们担任不同部门的首脑。**华盛顿的内阁汇集了一些杰出人物，你应该了解他们：*国务卿托马斯·杰斐逊（他最终将成为政治反对派，并成为与"联邦党人"对立的政党的领导人）*，财政部长亚历山大·汉密尔顿（他将在新国家中发挥巨大作用），以及其他一些人，如战争部长亨利·诺克斯。

一个极其重要的核心思想是：**随着亚历山大·汉密尔顿推行"联邦党人"的思想，冲突将会产生。政治党派将会形成。**在这个早期阶段，你也看到了1789年的《司法法案》。该法案组建了最高法院，设有一名首席大法官——约翰·杰伊（他将是我们的第一任），并任命了五名大法官。该《司法法案》还建立了下级法院系统。由此可见，政府正在逐步建立。

现在请记住，**需要完成的一件事是将《权利法案》添加到宪法中。《权利法案》的添加是为了缓解反联邦党人的担忧。记住，很多人不愿批准宪法，因为他们担心政府权力过大。**这些《权利法案》很大程度上由詹姆斯·麦迪逊撰写，其中包括宪法的前十项修正案。它们的目的是提供对个人权力的保护。*它们列举了个人权利，并限制了政府的权力。*

一些例子包括：**第一修正案规定了言论、宗教、出版和集会自由的保护；第四修正案防止在没有可能理由的情况下进行不合理的搜查和扣押；**以及其他修正案保障了各州的权利等等。

现在，理解这一时期的最重要思想之一, 是**汉密尔顿的财政计划。这个人非常重要，这就是为什么他的头像印在（或曾经印在）10美元钞票上的原因**（他们正在讨论更换头像）。财政部长亚历山大·汉密尔顿制定了一项财政计划，旨在偿还债务, 并发展美国制造业。记住，在邦联条例下，美国面临着诸多困难。汉密尔顿希望稳定经济，他将尝试通过各种方法来实现这一目标。

他的计划的第一部分在《公共信贷报告》中有所概述。**该报告呼吁联邦政府按票面价值偿还国债，并由联邦政府承担各州的战争债务。**你可以在那幅漫画中看到：联邦政府正在承担来自不同州的债务。这项提案被称为“承担计划”，**它将引起争议。有人担心投机者会从这项计划中获利，而且这项计划还会增加联邦政府的权力和作用。**许多最初与托马斯·杰斐逊立场一致的人拒绝了这项计划，但后来与托马斯·杰斐逊达成了一项妥协，该计划得以通过，作为交换，美国首都将迁至更靠近南方的华盛顿特区。

汉密尔顿计划的第二部分, 可以在《制造业报告》中看到，其中**汉密尔顿支持：第一，更高的关税（关税是对进口商品征收的税）；第二，国内消费税（对特定商品如威士忌征收的税）。**这样做的原因有几个：特别是**关税将保护美国新兴产业免受外国竞争。汉密尔顿希望看到一个制造业强国。他希望美国经济实现工业化。关税将抵御英国的竞争。此外，汉密尔顿还希望增加收入以偿还债务，而"国内消费税"有望实现这一目标。**

再次，他计划的这一部分引起了争议，尤其是在非制造业者中。*关税实际上会使商品更昂贵，因此在南方以及西部农业地区存在很大的反对意见。*

汉密尔顿计划中你应该了解的最重要部分是第三部分：他**创建了一个由美国政府运营的国家银行，这将有助于建立一个稳定健康的经济和货币体系。**这是他计划的关键部分。这家银行将存放政府资金，它将发行货币，这对于汉密尔顿的愿景至关重要。

关于美国银行存在着巨大的争议，这不仅仅是关于银行本身的问题：它还涉及到新宪法下联邦政府的权力问题。你应该了解的关键部分是：**杰斐逊（他最终将成为杰斐逊共和党领袖）表示：宪法并未授权国会设立银行，他们信奉对宪法的严格解释。换句话说，政府只能做宪法明确规定的事情。他们极其担心"联邦政府"日益增长的权力，**他们还认为银行将有利于富人、商人阶层，因此他们拒绝这项计划。

另一方面，**汉密尔顿和联邦党则认为，宪法中的“必要且适当”条款, 允许国会设立美国银行，**因为这对于行使其列举的权力是必要的。*他们使用的是所谓的“弹性条款”，##他们是宪法的宽松或广义解释的支持者：#宪法没有禁止的, 就是允许的。###既然这属于国会征税和监管经济的能力范围，那么银行就可以设立，而它也确实被设立了。*

现在，理解这一切的关键在于，你要明白**在这个时期，第一个政党体系正在兴起。**当你看到这个术语时，要知道它是在1790年代形成的。*##宪法中没有提到任何政党。##许多人认为政党不好，认为它们不会在这个新国家出现，但它们很快就出现了，它们被称为"联邦党"和"杰斐逊共和党"。*

关于这两个政党，你应该了解一些关键点：**##联邦党##是汉密尔顿经济愿景的支持者，该愿景主要##侧重于制造业工业化。他们是宪法宽松或广义解释的支持者。##由于这两点，他们倾向于得到富人、商人阶级的支持，他们的势力范围在东北部和城市地区。**请记住，*他们是强大中央政府的支持者，并且亲英国*（这一点在接下来的几张幻灯片中会更清楚）。

另一方面，**##杰斐逊共和党##支持杰斐逊的经济愿景。他们##希望建立一个农业社会。##他们偏爱农民。**他们认为农民是国家和经济的支柱，*他们倾向于在南方和西部获得大量支持。##他们是宪法严格解释的支持者：如果宪法中没有明确规定（除非宪法明确说明），联邦政府就不能做。他们支持州权，##并且亲法国*（这一点稍后会更清楚）。

了解**威士忌叛乱**非常重要，**这是对新国家政府的一次重大考验(证明你能不能解决危机)。**记住，**汉密尔顿财政计划的一部分包括对威士忌征收国内消费税。**这旨在为联邦政府增加收入，**但损害了很多农民的利益，因为他们用剩余的玉米酿造威士忌。结果，宾夕法尼亚西部地区的农民拒绝缴纳这项税。**你可以在图片中看到他们对一名税务官员处以涂焦油和粘羽毛的惩罚。*税务官员经常遭到袭击，农民们认为这侵犯了他们的自由。*

**这被视为对新联邦政府权威的挑战，**回想一下第一个国家政府（邦联条例）在处理类似的谢司叛乱时的失败。**因此，乔治·华盛顿决定采取行动：他接管了州民兵（大约15000名士兵），并通过武力展示镇压了叛乱。**没有发生流血事件，但他亲自指挥。

非常重要的是：*##这向许多人展示了联邦政府的权力和效力。国家政府证明了它的权威将受到尊重和遵守。##然而，并非所有人都喜欢这样。像杰斐逊这样的批评家对使用武力感到不安。他们认为这是一个遥远而强大的国家政府压制人民自由的行为，他们批评了政府的行动。*

你应该了解的另一个挑战, 是年轻国家面临的**外交政策挑战，而最大的挑战将来自法国大革命。它深刻地分裂了美国。**你知道法国大革命始于攻占巴士底狱，但很快新的法兰西共和国将与欧洲各君主国作战。年轻的国家面临一个问题：*美国是否应该帮助法国？法国实际上要求美国帮助其在法属西印度群岛, 抵抗欧洲敌人。*

*联邦党人之间存在分歧（他们非常担心法国大革命的暴力——记住，人头纷纷落地），他们也想避免与英国开战。因此，华盛顿认为这个国家太弱小了：它太年轻了，而且在他看来，"萨拉托加战役"后签署的"法美同盟", 在君主制覆灭后已经失效。*

*另一方面，由杰斐逊领导的民主共和党人认为，法国大革命是我们自身争取自由斗争的延伸，我们应该与法国人民并肩作战。英国正在通过一种称为“强征”的方式扣押美国船只，因此他们实际上想帮助法国对抗欧洲的战争。杰斐逊实际上因为与美国政策的分歧, 而辞去了国务卿一职。*

**1793年，乔治·华盛顿发布了中立宣言。这宣告美国中立。**再次，他想置身于这场欧洲战争之外。**当法国驻美国大使（公民埃德蒙·热内）在美国各地游说，试图说服美国人民支持法国时，这种中立受到了考验。**他违反了外交规则，最终受到谴责并被法国召回。他最终留在了美国，但美国的中立再次受到挑战。

不仅仅是法国：我们与以前的“母亲”英国以及西班牙也存在问题。记住，*英国继续给美国制造麻烦：存在强征美国水手的事件，他们将美国水手强迫加入英国海军，并且他们占领着西北地区的堡垒*（你可以在右边的地图上看到）。**根据1783年的巴黎条约，他们本应撤离这些堡垒。**所以你有很多问题。

**华盛顿想避免战争，因此他派遣首席大法官约翰·杰伊, 试图与英国谈判以避免这场战争，这最终促成了1794年的《杰伊条约》。**该条约规定：英国同意撤离边境地区的堡垒（他们将撤离这些堡垒），但它没有提及停止英国对美国船只的骚扰, 或印第安人问题（这意味着英国实际上向印第安人提供武器，向他们出售武器，而这些武器被用于边境地区的美国人）。

**共和党人痛恨这项条约。他们认为这是向英国屈服，但它确实成功地使美国保持中立。它使我们避免了战争，**但重要的是要注意，《杰伊条约》在杰斐逊共和党人中不受欢迎，但它使我们避免了战争。

另一个问题是西班牙。回想一下，**西班牙此前曾阻止美国进入密西西比河，**而在邦联条例下，我们无力解决这个问题。乔治·华盛顿也想处理与西班牙的关系。*当美国与英国谈判时，西班牙有点紧张，因此他们愿意谈判，这导致了1795年的《平克尼条约》。西班牙同意允许美国使用密西西比河，非常重要的是：在新奥尔良港口的存放权（这对边境地区的农民来说至关重要，因为那是他们的贸易通道）。*

《平克尼条约》还将佛罗里达的北部边界, 确定为北纬31度（你可以在地图上看到）。美国和西班牙之间存在一些争议。《平克尼条约》、《杰伊条约》：你应该了解的两项重要条约。

印第安人（有其正当理由）也继续给美国制造问题。回想一下，白人定居者向西迁移，不断侵占印第安人的土地（你可以在黄色区域看到：**美国正在向西扩张），印第安人对此非常非常担忧。**回想一下**#美国独立战争后，1763年禁止美国人进入该地区的公告线已经失效。#**

由于白人定居者的这种扩张，迈阿密酋长小乌龟领导下的印第安部落, 组成了西北联盟。他将开始在该地区, 组织印第安人的抵抗。他从英国获得了一些武器，但在倒木之战中，印第安人被安东尼·韦恩将军率领的美国军队击败。因此，美国镇压了这场抵抗，最终在1795年签署了《格林维尔条约》，战败的部落放弃了对俄亥俄领土的主张。你可以看到条约的谈判过程，以及《格林维尔条约》的边界线。

**尽管乔治·华盛顿政府面临着各种问题和挑战，但它在保持国家稳定、避免战争方面相对成功，**最终约翰·亚当斯将成为总统。**华盛顿决定在两届任期后离职。他开创了一个先例，**并在1796年发表了他的告别演说。

这份告别演说实际上并没有发表，而是刊登在报纸上，**#他在演说中警告国家几件事：第一，远离永久性联盟（他非常担心外国联盟会将美国卷入欧洲事务）；他还谈到了政治党派（反对政治派别）的危险。#**他试图鼓励民族团结。到那时，政党已经开始形成，尽管如此，乔治·华盛顿还是对它们发出了一些警告。

在1796年的选举中，**有两位候选人竞选：约翰·亚当斯（前副总统）, 和民主共和党候选人托马斯·杰斐逊（记住，他是华盛顿内阁的前成员）。**选举结果是，约翰·亚当斯以微弱优势击败托马斯·杰斐逊，成为美国总统。你可以在地图上看到联邦党人的支持区域, 以及杰斐逊共和党人的主要支持区域。

**尽管到那时他们已经拥有非常不同的政治理念，但由于没有人预料到政党的出现，托马斯·杰斐逊（因为他位列第二）成为了副总统。**这个问题将在1804年的第十二修正案中得到解决。

正如乔治·华盛顿不得不处理试图保持美国中立的问题一样，约翰·亚当斯也面临着同样的问题。事实上，**法国与欧洲国家的战争是约翰·亚当斯面临的主要问题。**回想一下，**法国认为美国违反了1778年的"法美同盟条约"，他们希望得到美国的帮助。**美国船只遭到扣押（主要是英国，但也包括法国），因此**亚当斯想避免与法国开战，他派遣美国外交官前往巴黎进行谈判。**

**这一事件被称为XYZ事件，因为法国官员（仅被称为X、Y和Z）试图让美国人贿赂他们，以便开始与法国外交部长的谈判。他们要求25万美元仅仅是为了获得与法国部长坐下来谈判的权利。不用说，许多美国人对这种贿赂企图感到愤怒，**你可以在右边的图片中看到美国国内的反应。

XYZ事件激怒了许多美国人，流行的口号是：“宁可花费数百万用于国防，也不愿花费一分钱用于贡品。”我们不会为了被放过和保持中立而支付任何费用。*许多美国人强烈要求开战，约翰·亚当斯想避免这种民众对战争的呼声，因为（正如华盛顿所认识到的）我们的军队太弱了：我们的国家还很年轻。*

美国和法国之间确实爆发了一场准战争，这是一场法国和美国之间主要发生在西印度群岛海上的未宣战的海战，幸运的是它没有扩大，因为在1800年，**双方达成了1800年公约，该公约解除了美国和法国之间的同盟关系。拿破仑和美国能够进行谈判，这使我们避免了与法国的战争。**

最后，你应该了解**亚当斯政府时期发生的一件非常重要的事情(#每届总统, 都有自己要处理的国家主要困难存在. 你要关注的就是这些特定时期的国家困难问题, 是怎么解决的, 后遗症是什么. 这些问题, 解决了就是总统的政绩, 解决不好就是历史污点.#)，那就是"州政府"和"联邦政府"之间的一次重大较量。**在**约翰·亚当斯政府时期，国会通过了一系列法律，称为1798年的《外国人和煽动叛乱法案》，这些法案通过的真正原因是政治性的：它们是由"联邦党"控制的"国会"通过的，旨在限制"民主共和党"的政治反对派。**

他们做了什么？《归化法案》将移民成为美国公民的时间, 从5年增加到14年（这实际上是因为大多数移民投票给民主共和党）。**《外国人法案》赋予总统权力：他可以驱逐或逮捕被认为危险的移民。**最后，**最重要的一项：《煽动叛乱法案》规定批评政府是非法的。**因此，如果报纸或政治反对派批评政府或国会，他们可能会被投入监狱。

*所有这些法案都以"安全"的名义进行了辩护（这种"为了维护国家安全, 而需要减少自由"的观点），但很明显，这些法案是政治性的，它们侵犯了"第一修正案"等权利。*

这些联邦法案, 遭到了肯塔基和弗吉尼亚决议的抵制。这些决议通过的原因, 是为了反对民主共和党认为违宪的联邦法律。因此，他们说，国会中联邦党人通过并得到亚当斯认可的这些法律, 是违反宪法的。

肯塔基决议由托马斯·杰斐逊秘密撰写，弗吉尼亚决议由詹姆斯·麦迪逊撰写，**##他们认为, 州可以废除国会通过的他们认为违宪的联邦法律，##而他们认为《外国人和煽动叛乱法案》是违宪的，因此各州可以废除它：**他们可以取消、他们可以无视、他们可以不遵守这些联邦法律，*因为政府正在超越其被授予的权力。*

**##他们信奉一种被称为“契约理论”的观点，即"各州"与"联邦政府"达成了契约，如果联邦政府违反了该契约，他们认为他们不必遵守这些法律。##这一点极其重要，因为"废除论"将在1830年代南卡罗来纳州等州因关税争议,而再次被使用，并且南方各州在脱离联邦时, 也会使用它。**因此，务必了解"废除论", 以及联邦政府和州政府之间这场斗争是如何展开的。

今天就到这里。希望你学到了很多，如果学到了，请点击视频上的“喜欢”。如果你有任何问题，请在评论区留言。查看APUSH解释，获取各种资源，祝你美好的一天。再见。


'''


== pure


welcome to another Joe's Productions
video. in this video, we're taking a look
at the administrations of George
Washington and John Adams: the new
Republic from 1789 to 1800.

so we all
know Washington is the first president.
he becomes the first president of the US
in 1789 when he takes the oath of office.
he's unanimously elected and he sets
many precedents that put the principles
of the constitution in practice. he's
doing things for the first time and he's
establishing things that Future Leaders
will also do. he does only serve a
two-term presidency which everyone up
until Franklin Roosevelt will follow, and
then they'll change the Constitution.

he
established the cabinet which is his
group of advisors who would serve as the
heads of different departments. and
Washington's cabinet is filled with some
Allstars and you should know them:
Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson (he
eventually will become the political
opposition and become the head of the
Rival political party to the Federalist),
Secretary of the Treasury who's going to
play a huge role in the new nation:
Alexander Hamilton, and you got some
others in there such as Secretary of War
Henry Knox.

key idea extremely important:
conflict will develop as Federalist
ideas are implemented by Alexander
Hamilton. you're going to get the
creation of political parties. and in
this early period, you also get the
Judiciary Act of 1789. it organized the
Supreme Court with one chief justice
there is John Jay (he will be our first)
and also five associate justices will
also be named. this Judiciary Act also
sets up the lower court system. so you
could see the government is being
established.

now remember one of the
things that needed to be done is the
Bill of Rights needed to be added to the
Constitution. the Bill of Rights was
added in order to alleviate concerns of
the Anti-Federalist. remember a lot of
people didn't want to ratify because
they were worried about too powerful of a
government. these Bill of Rights are
largely written by James Madison, and
these include the first 10 amendments to
the Constitution. they're intended to
provide protections against government
power. they enumerated individual rights
and they also restricted the power of
the government.

some examples of this: the
first amendment providing for protection
of speech, religion, press and assembly;
the Fourth Amendment preventing
unreasonable searches and seizures
without probable cause; and others which
guarantee rights to the states and so on.

now one of the most important ideas to
understand for this period is Hamilton's
financial plan. this guy is a big deal
that's why he was on (or is on) the $10
bill (they're talking about changing this).
and Secretary of Treasury Alexander
Hamilton developed a financial program
to pay off the debt and to develop
American manufacturing. remember the
nation under the Articles of
Confederation faced numerous
difficulties. Hamilton wants to stabilize
the economy and he's going to attempt to
do so through a variety of methods.

part one of his plan was outlined in the
Report on Public Credit. this called for
the federal government to pay off the
national debt at face value, and for the
federal government to assume the war
debts of the individual States. and you
could see that on that cartoon: the
national government is taking those
debts from different states. this
proposal is known as the Assumption plan,
and it is going to be controversial.
there was a concern that speculators
would make money off of this plan, and
this also was increasing the power and
the role of the Federal Government. a lot
of people who were aligned with Thomas
Jefferson initially rejected the plan,
but a compromise was reached with Thomas
Jefferson where the plan would be
accepted,
and in exchange the capital of the
United States would be moved closer to
the south in Washington DC.

the second
part of Hamilton's plan could be seen in
the report on the manufacturers, and in
it he Hamilton supported: one, higher
tariffs (a tariff is a tax on Imports); and
two, excise taxes (a tax on a specific
good such as whiskey). there's a couple of
reasons for this: the Tariff in
particular would protect American infant
industry from foreign
competition. Hamilton wanted to see a
nation of Manufacturers. he wanted the
United States economy to industrialized.
the Tariff would protect against British
competition. also, Hamilton wants
to raise revenue to pay off the debt
which the excise taxes would hopefully
accomplish.

once again this part of his
plan was controversial, especially
amongst non-manufacturers. the Tariff
would actually make Goods more expensive,
so there was opposition largely in the
South but also in the West in the
agricultural areas.

the most important
part of Hamilton's plan that you should
know about is part three: he created a
National Bank Run by the US government
that would help create a stable healthy
economy and currency. this was a key part
of his plan. this bank would deposit
government funds, it would print money,
and this was really key to Hamilton's
Vision.

there is a huge debate over the
bank of the United States, and it's not
just about the bank: it's also about the
power of the federal government under
the new Constitution. and here's the key
part you should know: Jefferson (who was
eventually going to be the head of the
party the Jeffersonian Republicans) said
this: the Constitution did not give
Congress the authority to create a bank,
and they believe in what is known as a
strict interpretation of the
constitution. in other words, the
government could only do what the
Constitution says the government could
do. they extremely worried about the
Growing Power of the federal government,
and they also feel like the bank would
benefit the wealthy, the merchant class,
and they reject this plan.

on the other
end, Hamilton and the Federalist Party
they argue the necessary and proper
clause in the Constitution allowed
Congress to create the bank of the us
since it was necessary to carry out its
enumerated powers. they are using
something called the elastic clause, and
they said they were Advocates of a loose
or broad interpretation of the
Constitution: what the Constitution did
not forbid it allowed. and since this was
part of congress's ability to tax and
regulate the economy, the bank could be
created, and it was.

now key to all of
this is that you understand that during
this period you have the rise of the
first party system. when you see that
term, know it is developing in the 1790s.
and there are no political parties
mentioned in the Constitution. many
people thought they were bad, that they
would not happen in this new nation, but
they quickly do, and they're going to be
known as the Federalist versus the
Jeffersonian Republicans.

some key things
you should know about them: the
Federalists are Advocates (they're
supporters) of Hamilton's economic Vision
which is largely manufacturing
industrialization. they are Advocates of
a loose interpretation of the
Constitution or a broad interpretation
of the Constitution. and because of these
two things, they tended to have the
support of the wealthy, the merchant
class, and their strength is in the
Northeast and in cities and urban areas.
keep in mind they are Advocates of a
strong central government and they are
pro England (that'll make more sense in
just a few slides).

the Jeffersonian
Republicans, on the other hand, supported
Jefferson's economic Vision. they wanted
an agrarian society. they favored Farmers.
they believed farmers were the backbone
of the nation and the economy, and they
tended to have a lot of support in the
south and the West. they are Advocates of
a strict interpretation of the
Constitution: if it's not in the
Constitution (unless the Constitution
specifically State something) the federal
government can't do it. they favored
state rights, and they're going to be Pro
French (this will make more sense in
just a moment).

it's important you
know about the Whiskey Rebellion, which was a
big test for the new national government.
remember part of Hamilton's financial
plan including an excise tax on Whiskey.
this was intended to generate revenue
for the federal government, and it hurt a
lot of farmers because they distilled
whiskey from their excess corn. and as a
result, farmers in Western Pennsylvania
refuse to pay the tax. you could see in
the image them tarring and Feathering a
tax collector. Tax Collectors were often
times attacked, and they felt (the farmers
felt) this was a violation of their
Liberties.

this is seen as a challenge to
the authority of the new federal
government, and recall the failure of the
first national government (the articles
of confederation) in dealing with a
similar Rebellion known as Shay's
Rebellion. so George Washington decides
to take steps: he takes over the state
militia (something like 15,000 troops) and
he stops the Rebellion by a show of
force. there's no Bloodshed at all, but he
takes command.

and really important: it
demonstrated to many the power and
effectiveness of the federal government.
the national government proved that its
Authority was going to be respected and
followed. however, not everyone liked this.
critics such as Jefferson were disturbed
by the use of force. they saw this as a
far away strong national government
crushing the liberty of the people, and
they criticize the government's actions.

another challenge you should know about
is the foreign policy challenges the
Young Nation faced, and really the biggest
one is going to come from the French
Revolution. it deeply divided America. you
know the French Revolution starts off
with the storming of the bastille, but
pretty soon the new French Republic
would be fighting the different
monarchies of Europe. and there was a
question in the Young Nation: should the
US help France? France actually asked the
United States to help defend its
territory in the French West Indies
against its European enemies.

and there
was division between the Federalists (and
they were really concerned about the
violence of the French Revolution -
remember heads are getting chopped off),
and they also wanted to avoid a war with
England. so Washington felt the nation
was too weak: it was too young, and he in
his mind felt the franco-american
alliance that was signed following the
Battle of Saratoga was no longer in
force now that the monarchy was gone.

on
the other hand, the Democratic
Republicans led by Jefferson felt the
French Revolution was an extension of
our own fight for liberty, and we should
join the French people in this fight.
and England was seizing American ships
with something called impressment, so they
actually wanted to help out France in
their war against Europe. and Jefferson
actually resigns as Secretary of State
over his disagreements with us policy.

now George Washington issued the
proclamation of neutrality in 1793. this
declares the United States neutral. once
again, he wants to stay out of this
European War. this neutrality is tested
when a French minister to the United
States (citizen Edmund Genet) traveled in
the US trying to convince people in the
US to support France. he is violating the
rules of diplomacy, and eventually he is
condemned and recalled by France. he ends
up staying in the United States, but once
again American neutrality is being
challenged.

it wasn't just France: we also
had issues with our old mother England
and also Spain. remember England
continued to cause the US problems: there
was that issue of impressment where
they're taking American Sailors and
forcing them into the British Navy, and
they occupy forts in this Northwestern
territory (you could see on the map right
here). they were supposed to leave
those forts under the Treaty of Paris in
1783. so you got a lot of problems.

and
Washington wants to avoid war, so he
sends the Chief Justice John Jay to try
to negotiate with England to try to
avoid this war, and this ends up becoming
Jay's Treaty of 1794. the treaty does the
following: British agreed to leave the
forts on the frontier (they would evacuate
those forts), but it said nothing about
stopping Britain's harassment of
American ships or the fact of the Native
issue (and what this meant was England
was actually giving weapons to Native
Americans, selling them weapons, and these
weapons were being used on Americans on
the frontier).

Republicans hated this
treaty. they felt it was bowing to
England, but it does manage to keep the
US neutral. it keeps us out of the war,
but it's important to note Jay's Treaty
was unpopular amongst Jeffersonian
Republicans, but it kept us out of a war.

another issue was Spain. recall Spain had
previously blocked American access to
the Mississippi River, and under the
Articles we were powerless to deal with
this issue. and George Washington wants
to deal with Spain as well. Spain gets a
little nervous once the US is talking to
England, so they're willing to negotiate,
and that leads us to Pinckney's Treaty of
1795. Spain agrees to allow the US usage
of the Mississippi River, and very
important: the right of deposit at the
port of New Orleans (which is hugely
important to people on the frontier,
Farmers because that is their trade).

Pinckney's treaty also made the northern
boundary of Florida the 31st parallel
(you could see right there on the map).
there was some dispute between the
United States and Spain. so Pinckney's treaty,
Jay's Treaty: two important treaties you
should know about.

Native Americans also
continued to cause the US issues
(justifiably so). recall Native American
land continued to be encroached upon by
settlers moving West (you could see that
in the yellow: the US is moving Westward),
and Native Americans are really really
concerned. recall after the American
Revolution there's no Proclamation of
1763 line keeping Americans out of this
region.

as a result of this expansion by
white settlers, native tribes formed the
Northwest Confederacy under the Miami
Chief little turtle. he is going to begin
to organize Native American resistance
in this region. he's getting some
weapons from England, but at the Battle
of Fallen Timbers, natives were defeated by US
Army led by General Anthony Wayne. so the
United States crushes this resistance,
and eventually you're going to get the
Treaty of Greenville in 1795 signed,
which the defeated tribes gave up claims
to the Ohio territory. you can see the
treaty being negotiated there, and there
is the line at the Treaty of Greenville.

although there were various issues and
challenges facing George Washington's
Administration, it was relatively
successful at keeping the nation stable,
out of a war, and eventually you're going
to get John Adams becoming President.
Washington decided to leave office after
two terms. he sets a precedent, and he
gives his farewell address in
1796.

now this Farewell Address is not
actually delivered: it's published in
newspapers, and he warns the nation of a
couple of things: one, stay clear of
permanent alliances (he really is
concerned about foreign alliances
entangling the United States into
European Affairs); he also talks about the
danger of political parties (against
political factions). he's trying to
encourage National Unity. by this point
they're already on their way to being
formed, well George Washington gives a
little warning about them nonetheless.

in
the election of 1796, you got two guys
running: John Adams (the former VP) and he
is running against the Democratic
Republican candidate Thomas Jefferson
(remember former member of Washington's
cabinet). the election takes place, and
John Adams narrowly defeats Thomas
Jefferson and becomes the president of
the United States. you can see on that
map where the Federalist support was and
where the Jeffersonian Republican
support largely was as well.

even though
by this point they have very different
political ideas, because no one
anticipated political parties, Thomas
Jefferson (since he finishes second)
becomes the vice president. this issue
will be fixed later on by the 12th
Amendment in
1804.

just as George Washington had to
deal with problems of trying to keep
the US neutral, so does John Adams.
in fact, France's war against European
nations was a major problems for John
Adams. recall France felt America
violated the franco-american Treaty of
1778, and they wanted America's help. you
have seizing of American ships (mainly by
England but also France), and so Adams
wants to avoid he wanted to avoid a war
with France, and he sent us diplomats to
Paris to try to negotiate.

this event is known as the XYZ affair
because French officials (known only as X,
Y and Z) attempted to get the Americans
to bribe them in order to even start
negotiations with the French foreign
minister. they wanted
$250,000 just for the right to sit down
and talk to the French Minister. needless
to say, many Americans were angry over
this attempt at a bribe, and you could
see the reaction in America in that
image right there.

this XYZ Affair
outraged many Americans, and the popular
slogan was: "Millions for defense but not
one cent for tribute." we would not pay to
be left alone and to be allowed to be
neutral. there was a strong demand for
war amongst many Americans, and John
Adams wants to avoid this popular call
for war because (as Washington recognized)
our military was too weak: our nation was
young.

a Quasi War does break out between
the US and France, and this is an
undeclared naval war between France and
the US mainly in the West Indies at Sea,
and luckily it doesn't get any bigger
because in 1800 you have the convention
of 1800 which dissolves the alliance
between the US and France. Napoleon and
the US were able to negotiate, and this
keeps us out of a war with France.

and
lastly, a really important thing you
should understand that happens during
the Adams Administration is a major
showdown between the state governments
and the federal government. under the
John Adam Administration, Congress passed
a series of laws known as the Alien and
Sedition Acts of 1798, and the reason
they're passed is really political:
they're passed by Federalist controlled
Congress to limit the political
opposition of the democratic Republican
party.

so what did they do? there was the
Naturalization Act which increased the
time from 5 to 14 years for immigrants
to become American citizens (and this
really was intended because most
immigrants voted for the Democrat
Republican party). the alien act gave the
president the power: he could Deport or
arrest immigrants considered dangerous.
and finally the big one: the Sedition Act
made it illegal to criticize the
government. so newspapers or political
opponents if they criticize the
government or congress they could be
thrown in jail.

all of these acts were
justified in the name of security (this
idea we need to keep the nation safe and
therefore Liberty needed to be reduced),
but it was very clear that these acts
were political and they violated such
rights such as those found in the First
Amendment.

and these Federal Acts were
resisted by something called the
Kentucky and Virginia resolutions. the
reason this is passed is to oppose
federal laws that the Democratic
Republican party felt were
unconstitutional. so they say these laws
passed by Federalists in Congress
endorsed by Adams were against the
Constitution.

The Kentucky Resolution was
written secretly by Thomas Jefferson.
the Virginia resolution was written by
James Madison, and they said a
state could nullify federal laws passed
by Congress they felt were
unconstitutional, and the Alien and
Sedition Acts in their mind were
unconstitutional and therefore states
can nullify it: they can cancel, they can
ignore, they cannot obey these federal
laws because the government is exceeding
its delegated powers.

they believed in
something called the compact Theory in
which states had made a compact with the
national government, and if that compact
was violated by that national government,
they argued they did not have to obey
those laws. this is extremely important
because the argument of nullification
will be used later on by states such as
South Carolina in the 1830s with regard
to a tariff controversy, and it will be
used by Southerners when they secede
from the union. so make sure you know
about the idea of nullification and how
that plays out this battle between
federal and state governments.

that's
going to do it for today. hopefully you
learned a lot, and if you did click like
on the video. if you have any questions,
post them in the comment section. check
out APUSH explain. for all sorts of
resources, and have a beautiful day. peace

'''
