<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<title>Prisoners of Geography The Quiz Book</title>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6619d141-08fc-08d4-3a91-0195ccbdf2dc" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section role="doc-chapter">
<h2 class="chapter-titlea">9. SPACE</h2>
<div class="page-break"/>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en1" id="rch9en1">1</a></span> V-2 rocket</p>
<p class="paraa">In 1942 the German scientist Wernher von Braun oversaw the launch of a rocket that could reach sub-orbital space, about 100 km up, but his team could not yet engineer a rocket that was able to achieve the speed required to enter into orbit. However, his <em>Vergeltungswaffe 2</em> (Vengeance Weapon 2), or V-2 rocket, had a top speed of around 5,300 km/h, and could travel about 320 km before falling back to Earth.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en2" id="rch9en2">2</a></span> Outer Space Treaty</p>
<p class="paraa">Most of the rules governing the use of space are based on the Outer Space Treaty (1967) but space laws are horribly out of date and too vague for current conditions and our more advanced technology. Most were primarily products of the Cold War, negotiated by the main players. They are no longer fit for purpose.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en3" id="rch9en3">3</a></span> b) Qatar and i) Russia</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en4" id="rch9en4">4</a></span> It was a dog named Laika (which translates to Barker)</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en5" id="rch9en5">5</a></span> decade . . . energies . . . challenge . . . postpone</p>
<p class="paraa">‘We choose to go to the Moon in this <strong>decade</strong> and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard; because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our <strong>energies</strong> and skills, because that <strong>challenge</strong> is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to <strong>postpone</strong>, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.’</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en6" id="rch9en6">6</a></span> b) 1972</p>
<p class="paraa">NASA completed 6 crewed missions, landing a total of 12 astronauts on the Moon’s surface. Apollo 17 was the last, leaving the Moon on 14 December 1972, and since then no one has been back. The USA is planning to send humans back to the Moon, but in January 2024 the project was delayed from 2025 to 2026.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en7" id="rch9en7">7</a></span> The Cold War</p>
<p class="paraa">The Space Race was a major battle in the long decades of the Cold War. It became an ideological race to prove which system, capitalism or communism, was technologically superior and could deal the other a psychological blow.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en8" id="rch9en8">8</a></span> cradle</p>
<p class="paraa">Konstantin Tsiolkovsky was responsible for the first theoretical proof for the possibility of spaceflight, in his 1903 paper ‘Exploration of the World Space with Reaction Machines’, which later propelled him to fame in Russia. His formula, known as ‘the Tsiolkovsky rocket equation’, set out the relationship between the speed of the rocket, the changing mass of the rocket and its fuel, and the speed of the gas as it is expelled. It is the foundation of space travel. His early writings included many visionary ideas: space stations powered by solar energy, airlocks to enable spaceships to dock with one another, pressurized space suits and the concept of a space elevator.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en9" id="rch9en9">9</a></span> b) Satellites or spacecraft can ‘hover’ there to remain in position while using minimal fuel</p>
<p class="paraa">These points can be seen as ‘car parks’ in space. The gravitational effect means that a third, smaller body (such as a satellite or spacecraft) can sit at the sweet spot. In the future you could deliver a consignment of raw materials mined from an asteroid, or equipment needed to build a space station, to one of these points and be confident that it would still be there when you returned.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en10" id="rch9en10">10</a></span> The International Space Station</p>
<p class="paraa">In 1993 a deal was agreed between the American, Russian, European, Japanese and Canadian space agencies to build a space station bridging political and cultural divides. In 1998 the Russians took the first piece up and two years later there was enough room for occupants to move in. Since then, more than 160 Americans and over 50 Russians have shared the living quarters and science labs with dozens of other astronauts from all over the world. The ISS is a symbol of what can be achieved in space through cooperation. Sadly, it has almost reached the end of its lifespan and is due to be decommissioned in 2031.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en11" id="rch9en11">11</a></span> Star Wars, announced by Ronald Reagan in 1983</p>
<p class="paraa">The Strategic Defense Initiative proposed a network of missiles and lasers in space and on the ground. It was never built, due to numerous technical difficulties in developing the lasers and to political opposition on the grounds that it would cause an arms race with the Soviet Union. However, some of the work done on the technology paved the way for current missile defence technology.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en12" id="rch9en12">12</a></span> a) Space Force</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en13" id="rch9en13">13</a></span> Jeff Bezos: Blue Origin; Richard Branson: Virgin Galactic; Elon Musk: SpaceX</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en14" id="rch9en14">14</a></span> Because that’s where Earth’s rotation is fastest (about 1,670 km/h)</p>
<p class="paraa">The most functional location for launch is one that takes maximum advantage of Earth’s rotational speed for the quickest entry into space – thus using less fuel. And so the USA uses the Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex in Florida, as close to the equator as its borders allow, where the speed is about 1,470 km/h. The EU has used French Guiana in South America, while Russia used Kazakhstan. Our planet rotates west to east, and so rockets are launched eastwards to receive an extra boost from Earth’s rotation speed, saving fuel and time. It’s also important that the drop zone for rocket boosters is over mostly uninhabited areas – hence why many launch sites are positioned on eastern coastlines.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en15" id="rch9en15">15</a></span> d) Swallowing it with a larger satellite</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en16" id="rch9en16">16</a></span> d) Russia</p>
<p class="paraa">In 2020 the then head of the Russian space agency (Roscosmos), Dmitry Rogozin, described the Artemis Accords as akin to an ‘invasion’ of the Moon that could turn it into ‘a new Afghanistan or Iraq’. The following year Russia and China signed their own memorandum of understanding to build a Moon outpost, to be called the International Lunar Research Station, and said the project was open to other countries to join.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en17" id="rch9en17">17</a></span> Nicolaus Copernicus (1473–1543)</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en18" id="rch9en18">18</a></span> Full launch capabilities:</p>
<p class="paraa">ASI, Agenzia Spaziale Italiana</p>
<p class="paraa">CNSA, China National Space Administration</p>
<p class="paraa">ESA, European Space Agency</p>
<p class="paraa">ISRO, Indian Space Research Organisation</p>
<p class="paraa">JAXA, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency</p>
<p class="paraa">NASA, National Aeronautics and Space Administration</p>
<p class="paraa">Roscosmos, State Corporation for Space Activities (Russia)</p>
<p class="paraa">Basic launch capabilities:</p>
<p class="paraa">ASA, Australian Space Agency</p>
<p class="paraa">CNES, Centre National d’Études Spatiales (France)</p>
<p class="paraa">ISA, Iranian Space Agency</p>
<p class="paraa">ISA, Israel Space Agency</p>
<p class="paraa">KARI, Korea Aerospace Research Institute</p>
<p class="paraa">NATA, National Aerospace Technology Administration (North Korea)</p>
<p class="paraa">SSAU, State Space Agency of Ukraine</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en19" id="rch9en19">19</a></span> Six of them, all except ASI</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en20" id="rch9en20">20</a></span> b) Water</p>
<p class="paraa">The South Pole–Aitken Basin is 2,500 km wide and 13 km deep. The Sun barely rises above the horizon and so cannot reach the depths of the craters. These permanently shadowed locations are the coldest places observed in the solar system, with temperatures as low as –203ºC recorded, and they may contain ice.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en21" id="rch9en21">21</a></span> C</p>
<p class="paraa">In geosynchronous and geostationary orbit, 35,786 km from Earth, the speed of the satellite matches the speed of the rotation of Earth and so is above the same piece of territory all the time. The only real difference between them is that a satellite in geosynchronous orbit can circle the planet at any inclination, while a geostationary satellite always follows the equator. This is where the Americans hold their six dual-use Advanced Extremely High Frequency Satellites that communicate with their war planes, with the British, Dutch, Australian and Canadian militaries, and with the US nuclear early-warning system. Russia and China are thought to have similar satellites in place. There is limited room up here, though, due to signal interference, and most of the world’s satellites reside in low Earth orbit (labelled A), as does the ISS.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en22" id="rch9en22">22</a></span> The Pale Blue Dot</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en23" id="rch9en23">23</a></span> b) 1990</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en24" id="rch9en24">24</a></span> a) Yuri Gagarin</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en25" id="rch9en25">25</a></span> d) 5,638</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en26" id="rch9en26">26</a></span> Solar sails</p>
<p class="paraa">JAXA packed intricately folded panels into a small rocket that took off from the Uchinoura Space Center on Kyushu Island. It then released two sails, one in a clover-leaf shape 10 metres across, the other like a pleated fan, each many times thinner than a sheet of paper. The Japanese proved that large, ultra-light structures can be folded and released intact. Several countries are now working on prototypes of larger, thinner models made of reflective heat-resistant materials that will act as solar panels and propel spaceships vast distances at incredible speeds.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en27" id="rch9en27">27</a></span> b) Van Allen</p>
<p class="paraa">The belts contain high-energy particles trapped by Earth’s magnetic field. Concentrations of radiation vary, but in places they are high enough to fry a spacecraft’s electronics and, over time, damage human cells.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en28" id="rch9en28">28</a></span> c) Six months</p>
<p class="paraa">The Moon is on average 385,000 km from Earth, a mere 1.3 light seconds away – the time it takes light to travel from the Moon to our rock. The quickest journey to date was that of the New Horizons spacecraft – eight hours and thirty-five minutes – but most crewed journeys take about three days.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en29" id="rch9en29">29</a></span> c) Mars – the only terrestrial planet; the others are gas giants.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en30" id="rch9en30">30</a></span> c) Apollo 13</p>
<p class="paraa">It ventured 400,171 km from Earth, due to the fact its trajectory had a higher lunar altitude than other Apollo missions.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en31" id="rch9en31">31</a></span> Orion</p>
<p class="paraa">Take the middle letter from each block of five.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en32" id="rch9en32">32</a></span> a) China</p>
<p class="paraa">When China landed its Chang’e 5 craft on the far side of the Moon, it planted the Chinese flag on the surface and began digging for rocks in a region it is considering using as a base.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en33" id="rch9en33">33</a></span> a) Where space begins</p>
<p class="paraa">NASA defines space as beginning 80 km above sea level; the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale says 100 km.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en34" id="rch9en34">34</a></span> c) Japan</p>
<p class="paraa">NASA estimates there are more than 27,000 pieces of debris in orbit around Earth that are larger than 10 cm in diameter (roughly the size of a grapefruit). There could be another 500,000 sized between 1 and 10 cm (a tennis ball is about 7 cm) and about 100 million bigger than 1 mm. Most pieces of debris may be small, but they are travelling at 25,000 km/h, which would be troubling if you came into contact with one. A 1-cm fragment travelling at that speed can create as much energy as a small car crashing into you, or your spaceship, at 40 km/h.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en35" id="rch9en35">35</a></span> c) GPS (Global Positioning System)</p>
<p class="paraa">America’s Global Positioning System (GPS) gave US soldiers better navigational abilities in this desert war. Today, GPS uses a minimum of twenty-four satellites distributed equally around the planet to create permanent coverage. Space Force is now responsible for GPS satellites, which can detect missile launches.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en36" id="rch9en36">36</a></span> b) 7.9 km/s</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en37" id="rch9en37">37</a></span> c) Juno – it’s the only mission primarily associated with Jupiter; the others are associated with Mars.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en38" id="rch9en38">38</a></span> Cape Canaveral</p>
<p class="paraa">The USA launched its first rocket from here on 24 July 1950.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en39" id="rch9en39">39</a></span> To track objects in space (including satellites and debris)</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en40" id="rch9en40">40</a></span> Elon Musk</p>
<p class="paraa">Musk’s company SpaceX sent thousands of high-speed terminals to the country to connect with its advanced Starlink satellites in low Earth orbit. Most were used by ordinary people, but the Ukrainian military maintained networked contact, allowing it to retain command and control of facilities, including for its drones, which sent targeting information to commanders. The Russians tried to jam the signal between the terminals and the satellites, but SpaceX quickly worked out how to evade this.</p>
<p class="numbera"><span class="numa"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#ch9en41" id="rch9en41">41</a></span> Colder</p>
<p class="paraa">It is further away from the Sun and has a thinner atmosphere than Earth, resulting in a colder climate, with an average temperature of around –65ºC.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>