<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<title>Prisoners of Geography The Quiz Book</title>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6619d141-08fc-08d4-3a91-0195ccbdf2dc" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="frontmatter">
<h2 class="h2f"><span class="line">INTRODUCTION</span></h2>
<p class="para1">There are a lot of questions in this book, and a lot of answers. Those answers are often crucial to understanding major world events of the past and present.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Geography is one of the key factors underpinning current affairs and yet until recently geopolitics had fallen out of fashion. At the turn of the century it was argued that big corporations were replacing the nation state, and that technology was overcoming nature’s barriers. And yet technology has only (occasionally) changed which bits of geography are considered important. For example, in the twentieth century the location of oil drove many countries’ foreign policy, while in the twenty-first century we also need to know where the metals for our renewable energy and AI products come from. Furthermore, the nation state is still with us and nationalism remains a dominant force.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Explaining the importance of geography was the rationale behind the books <em>Prisoners of Geography</em>, <em>The Power of Geography</em> and <em>The Future of Geography</em>. This trilogy seemed to strike a note with a reading audience keen to better understand the forces driving history, the present and the future. The feedback was encouraging, sometimes humbling. Many university students told me they were studying geography, international relations or even international law having been inspired by the books. High praise indeed!</p>
<p class="indent-para">There was also some push back focused on accusations of ‘geographic determinism’ – that giving so much weight to geography did not allow for human agency. However, the books always sought to make clear, and indeed repeatedly stated, that geography is only one factor of many to consider when seeking to explain the ‘why’ of events.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Why did China’s population grow so much? Because the rainfall on the North China Plain allowed two harvests a year. Flowing from that? A lot of history. How could President Putin sell his invasion of Ukraine to the Russian people? Partially by reminding them that the terrain in front of the country’s two main population centres – Moscow and St Petersburg – had historically been controlled by Russia, but if that control was lost then potential enemies could move right up to its borders.</p>
<p class="indent-para">So, to understand the world, we must grasp the importance of India controlling the Andaman Islands, located right by the Malacca Strait through which many of China’s exports pass. We learn the strategic significance of Gotland, a Swedish island in the Baltic Sea. It was always important but when Sweden joined NATO, that importance grew. China and many other countries are building or upgrading ports in Djibouti on the Red Sea. Why? Look at a map and you’ll start to see at least part of the answer take shape.</p>
<p class="indent-para">But why a quiz book? Well, mostly because it’s fun! And if fun can also be informative, then it’s doubly fun. It might inspire an interest in world affairs or challenge the depth of knowledge for those already engaged.</p>
<p class="indent-para">This book is divided up into nine major geographical and geopolitical regions. We start in North America, before moving across to Asia and Europe, down to Africa and the Middle East, then over to Latin America and Oceania before reaching the Poles and then heading up and out – into space. You’ll find a mix of questions on geography, history and politics, including maps, anagrams and visual clues. You’ll test your knowledge not just of the mountains, rivers, seas and deserts, but also the rise and fall of empires, power, politics and the human stories that have shaped the world we see today.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Some questions are easier than others, especially when you know the answer . . . Some may be challenging even for a PhD candidate in International Relations. Some you think you know, you’re sure you know, yes, you know this, it’s . . . Hang on, you know this. Those are the ones you might be able to work out through deduction, and somehow find that thought and drag the memory out from the furthest recesses of your brain. You see – even that’s geography.</p>
<p class="indent-para">I hope you enjoy the quiz. Stuff you get wrong? Potential mistakes by the author? We’re all learning.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>